README.md, before:

# DBMS PROJECT #

**Warning: This repository is unfit for production usage due to several security flaws.**

This was a project I did in 2020 for my DBMS course at college.

## Dependencies ##
- Flask
- Jinja
- Python3

## What it does? ##

It is a basic web form application that stores the responses to the database. No server-side input checks whatsoever. It is a security disaster and that's deliberate :) It has some hard-coded SQL to create and initialize the database because I could not get reading from file to work back in the days.

## What is this repo anyway? ##

This was my first project using Flask so there are a *cough* LOT *cough* of unhealthy code there that I'm too unwilling to be fixing now. It's public to serve as an example of how not to code Flask applications. Please. Don't copy this for production. StackOverflow has better ones.


## Vulnerabilites known ##
- **Remote Code Execution**: The `debug` value of the app is set to `True` which allows for RCE on Flask apps as Flask opens a shell on the error page.
- **Any unchecked input vulnerability**: SQL Injection, Cross-site scripting, basically any user input point can be exploited.
- **Default admin password exposed**: I realized this after I committed the code here. No need to bother going through the code the default password is `el admino`.

## To do ##
- Add version numbers
- Open security issues because why not :)

Commit message:

added a "How to deploy it anyway" section

README.md, after:

# DBMS PROJECT #

**Warning: This repository is unfit for production usage due to several security flaws.**

This was a project I did in 2020 for my DBMS course at college.

## Dependencies ##
- Flask
- Jinja
- Python3

## What it does? ##

It is a basic web form application that stores the responses to the database. No server-side input checks whatsoever. It is a security disaster and that's deliberate :) It has some hard-coded SQL to create and initialize the database because I could not get reading from file to work back in the days.

## What is this repo anyway? ##

This was my first project using Flask so there are a *cough* LOT *cough* of unhealthy code there that I'm too unwilling to be fixing now. It's public to serve as an example of how not to code Flask applications. Please. Don't copy this for production. StackOverflow has better ones.


## Vulnerabilites known ##
- **Remote Code Execution**: The `debug` value of the app is set to `True` which allows for RCE on Flask apps as Flask opens a shell on the error page.
- **Any unchecked input vulnerability**: SQL Injection, Cross-site scripting, basically any user input point can be exploited.
- **Default admin password exposed**: I realized this after I committed the code here. No need to bother going through the code the default username is `el admino` and password is `Bruh`.

## I want to deploy it anyway ##

Directory structure required
```
|-app.py
|-templates
  |-agriculture.html
  |-civil.html
  |-cost.html
  |-dataview.html
  |-energy.html
  |-error.html
  |-home.html
  |-login.html
  |-signup.html
  |-update.html
  |-viewdata.html
  |-voterid.html
  |-
```
## To do ##
- Add version numbers
- Open security issues because why not :)
